Welcome back.
In this section we learned about JavaScript modules.
What we had before where we started with just simple script acts that just had one single file of JavaScript
in the beginning.
And as our programs as our web pages started getting more and more complex we started to see problems
with just simple script X simple JavaScript files.
We needed a way to have modules and we learned about how we used immediately invoked functions to create
the module pattern.
And as things got more and more complicated.
Well we needed other ways to improve on that system.
So libraries like common G.S. and M.D. came into play to make our code more reusable more modular so
that we can start sharing code with other programmers around the world.
And then finally we have our native ASX module where javascript is a serious language.
Now that has modules built in and because of modules we now have a reusable code reusable functions
which allow us to have code that is more maintainable.
We're able to separate concerns and divide up our programs into small chunks that work on their own.
We avoided the global namespace pollution.
We can now compose different modules together to add different functionality to our programs.
We can use third party code on places like NPM.
More importantly if you're Google or Microsoft with thousands of developers we now have this idea of
modules where we can isolate teams of developers to work separately on their own on their own modules
on their own parts of the code.
We now have a way to organize this code better and with our modules.
Imagine how hard it will be to build the applications that we have now.
So I hope you see the power in that and with iOS 6 modules we now have the ultimate power to build large
applications the javascript I'll see in the next one by.